1. describe 3 types of data types in perl and their usage
Scalars- allows a single unit of data to be stored under one variable.
 A scalar can be a number,string, or a reference.

Arrays -allows a bunch of Scalars to be organized in a list that can be 
access through a numerical index

Hashes - a group of key-value pairs, where the keys to every value are unique
allows an association between the two pairs such as a username to password 

2. Describe the difference between a strongly and loosely typed language and
 give an example of each

A strongly typed language is a programming language that requires a 
declaration of a data type  that will be placed in a certain variable
Examples of a strongly type language : C++ , Java

A loosely typed language is a programming language that does not require a
declaration of a data type in a certain variable
Examples of a loosely type language : Perl , Python

3.Describe the difference between stacks and queues and give an example of each
A stack is a data structure that organizes data vertical linearly and contains data that is inserted
 from top of the list and pushed out from the bottom of the list.
 A stack follows the principle that is LIFO which means last in first out and occur at the top of the list.
 A good example of a stack is when grocery workers are restocking an item, when an item is restock the first item at the list is pushed out.
 
A queue is a data structure that organizes data horizontal linearly and  contains that data is  inserted from the 
bottom of the list and pushed out from the top of the list.The queue follow the principle that is FIFO which  means first in first out. A good example is a line at an amusement park ride; first people who come in line are the first people to exit after the ride is over.

4. Describe git and how it is used/useful in the development of programs and technical systems.
Git is a an open source project that allows programmers to store versions of sourced code and keep track of versions of sourced code
of a project. It allows programmers to efficiently store and save their projects. 

It is used to save coding projects in
 and it is useful in allowing projects to keep track of metadata concerning a code. It is usually saved in a git repository where code is organized for specific projects.
